Update API guide with v32 changes (#1049)
UKCloud/documentation: articles/vmware/vmw-how-access-vcloud-api.md

    ![Headers section with Accept header](images/vmw-restclient-accept-header.png)

12. The RESTClient has now got all the required settings in place to make a request to the vCloud API to obtain a `x-vmware-vcloud-access-token` token, so click the **Send** button.

13. When a response is received the **Headers** tab in the *Response* section will be populated, including an `x-vmware-vcloud-access-token` token.

>     ![API response with authentication token](images/vmw-restclient-authentication-token.png)

Reviewer: image looks a little odd

Author: I removed some of the image because it's an access token that shouldn't be public

Reviewer: Sorry, could you just take another look at the image - I can see bits of the access token, and they seem to be laid over the attribute names so it looks weird

Reviewer 2: I've uploaded a new version that uses blur.

Reviewer: That looks better, thanks!

14. The `x-vmware-vcloud-access-token` token becomes part of an Authorization header, which will replace the Basic Authentication header added earlier. To do this highlight and copy the string of characters displayed after the word `x-vmware-vcloud-access-token`.

    > [!NOTE]
    > If at any point while following the instructions in this guide, the output displayed in the RESTClient does not look similar to that shown in the images, you can use the value of the **Status Code** field to determine what went wrong and needs investigation. In this case above, **Status Code** received was HTTP 200 OK, which means that the request succeeded. For a list of HTTP response codes, see [HTTP Response Codes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status).

15. Next, add an Authorization header. To do this, from the **Headers** menu, select **Custom Header**.

16. In the *Request Header* dialog box, in the **Name** field enter 'Authorization'.

> 17. In the **Value** field, type 'Bearer' with a trailing space, then paste the string of characters copied in the previous step, then click **Okay**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
17. In the **Value** field, type 'Bearer ' with a trailing space, then paste the string of characters copied in the previous step, then click **Okay**.
```

Should we put the trailing space in the text?

>     ![Authorization token in request headers](images/vmw-restclient-request-headers-token.png)

Reviewer: image looks huge - maybe needs resizing. Also is it possible to crop it a bit more?

Author: Cropped and downsized in 3d63cd2
